---
title: "2023"
permalink: /ops/photo-gallery/2023/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Photo Gallery
variant: markdown
---
### Chinese New Year

Our Oasians welcomed the Chinese New Year with a variety of interesting and exciting activities this year! They played engaging games during recess and had much fun! They also made beautiful decorative crafts in class, such as rabbit origami, paper cutting, paper puppets and auspicious four-word collage. On top of that, we had our reunion snack break where Oasians shared a wonderful time having Chinese New Year related snacks together. We get to gather in the hall for a celebration this year, all Oasians enjoyed a fantastic concert for a huge welcome to the year of the Rabbit.

<iframe allowfullscreen="true" height="569" width="960" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vS_czPtEpst-OIxYocq5i4sc5oTc2un0fTDiHGpnOeqU74cvWROxcsx0qYQUvqLQYxQJD6nE4ZriBB4/embed?start=true&amp;loop=true&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe>

### Oasis Awards Day 2023

**Making Waves**<br>
The Oasis Awards Day was held on 17 November 2023. It was a joyous occasion filled with excitement and pride as we came together as one Oasis family to acknowledge and affirm the achievements of our students and staff. We extended a warm invitation to parents, encouraging them to join their children on stage and partake in the celebration of their success.

Besides academics, our prize recipients excel or contribute meaningfully in various fields – be it the arts, sports, and community work. We recognise that each student is unique, with their own interests, strengths, passions, and as a one Oasis community, we should continue to encourage and celebrate this diversity. Let us applaud their excellence and hard work, and may our Oasians continue to flourish and make splashing waves in years to come!