---
title: Principal's Message
permalink: /our-school/principals-message/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p>“If I have to choose one profession in which you give the most for the least, it is probably teaching – if you take it seriously. You have to have the temperament for it to coax, to stimulate, to cajole, to discipline a young mind into good habits. You must have an aptitude.”</p><p>Mr Lee Kuan Yew (1966)</p><p></p><p>The quote from our first Prime Minister encourages us, parents and teachers, to work together to nurture “a young mind into good habits”. We intend to do just that in Oasis Primary School. Our school provides a progressive holistic education that supports our children to discover and nurture their strengths and interests over the years. We develop our students into ‘<u>Passionate Learners, Compassionate Changemakers</u>’ (our school vision) by actively engaging in learning, creatively adapting to opportunities, and eagerly contributing to positive change. At the end of six years with us, our students will be able to communicate effectively, contribute actively and create responsibly.</p><p></p><p>We have various key student development programmes ‘<u>To Empower Oasians to be Future-Ready, Anchored on School Values</u>’ (our school mission). These include our character development programme guided by our school values; Oasis Learning Experiences (OLE) of discovery, imagination and changemaking; Learning for Life Programme (LLP) ‘Lead with a Heart, Changemakers for the Future’; Applied Learning Programme (ALP) ‘Nurturing Language Artisans through an Inter-disciplinary Approach’; Place-Based Learning (PBL) and 21CC development programmes.</p><p></p><p>More importantly, undergirding all that we do, we believe that every child matters and love every child. It is important to see them as whole persons and care for them. We want to provide a safe and conducive school environment for them to enjoy learning. One key approach is for them to feel connected to others and experience trusting relationships with their parents, teachers and friends.</p><p></p><p>In addition to our students, we – staff, parents and stakeholders – are all Oasians too. We are all learners, and we are all leaders. Let us ask ourselves what we can do for our school and one another. How can we work together in close partnership to educate our young ones? Our children are the young ones who will learn and lead, these are the champions and heroes of tomorrow who will grow up to care for others and contribute to our nation building, and these are the boys and girls of Oasis who we love. Therefore, it is up to us – adults – to join our hearts and hold hands to care for them and mould their character. We choose to do these things for them, not because we have to, but because we want to. Let us all, as Oasians, have charity for all, cherish this bond we have with one another and strive unto success as a united school. We shall ‘United We Rise’ (school motto). Thank you.&nbsp;</p><p></p><p>Your partner-in-education,</p><p>Mr Danny Poh</p>